this is my 1973 750 Cali Scott chambers
on it I actually bought this bike two
years ago I've done a top-end on it I
rebuilt the carburetors it's pretty much
done the only thing I got to do is put
on the pickup with some gas in it's
ready to start I have to rebuild the
master cylinder I'm going to rebuild the
front brake caliper
you know the boots on the front end and
change the tires of tires have been
honest since 1987 this bike is not ran
since 1987 the previous buyer that I
bought it off of wrecked it and took all
the fluids out of it and never wrote it
again I actually used to race these
bikes back in the day at Fremont
California Raceway back in the 70s late
70s 80s so I guess I'm reliving my
childhood so I got another one kind of
big these days to ride down 100 pounds
over what I used to be when I was
younger but this is a 1973 750 Kawasaki
I'm going to change the handlebars on it
those are the old low bars that we used
to ride back in 80s but you know those
days are long gone for me so I'm going
to get some stock handlebars for it and
I got it polishing to do I got to polish
the cases and stuff like that but my
next video I'll have it run and I'll
fire it up I'm like an hour away from
having it running so I thought you guys
like to see it before I fire it up and
the next video I'll have it running it
has 9,000 regional miles it's original
paint it's all original except for the
airbox and the chambers like I said I'm
not sure if they're denko's or not I'm
really took them off but back in the day
we used to run these out in Fremont with
Tony Nicosia and all that I was all in
that air so here I am reliving my
childhood 1973 h2 750 Cal you don't see
these things
no more I hope you'll like it and the
next video like I said I'll have it
running